# 192.168.1.1
192.168.1.1 IP Address Router Setup
Now what is the router, for example, you have two different networks. someone ankara someone istanbul. Someone on the network is someone on the internet (internet te is a big network). devices that bridge between these two networks are routers. this can now be used to share remote networks (WANs) where ADSL can share the CABLE. that is, two different networks that are really computers on the network that are connected to the network like a computer. ie the router in ip is written as a gateway and it is wanted to connect to the accounting machine in the ankara eg in istanbul on the storage computer the ip packets go directly to the gateway. Then I want to go here. The router also says I go straight. The source: <a href="///19216811.how/wiki-default-router-password-database">Find default password for your device, </a> the router on the packet 192.168.0.1 (for example, if the router 192.168.0.1 is the address) tries to connect to the opposite side of the line (via modem) to the anchor. there is a router (and modem) in the opposite side. it will direct the accounting machine to look at the packets coming from the router against it, ie 10.0.0.143 e. it is the same in reverse communication. that is, with a pair of cables and a router (and a pair of devices on a modem), it is as if you are connected to the side room without knowing anything at all distant. you can use two networks as a single network with a line.

"Start - Control Panel - Network and Internet - Network and Sharing Center" In the left menu, we also select the "Change adapter parameters" item. We find the active "Local Area Connection", Simple: click with the right mouse button and select "Properties" "Internet Protocol Version 4" We put the checkbox on the ip or dns automatic receipt document - in this case the router assigns the computer itself. Or, if you do not want to enter the administrator's domain with these settings preview here: <a rel relrel  rel="me next alternate canonical hjnofollowdfgh search"  rel="me next alternate canonical hjnofollowdfgh search"  rel="me next alternate canonical hjnofollowdfgh search"  rel="me next alternate canonical hjnofollowdfgh search"  href="https://19216811.how/login-192.168.0.1" rel="me next alternate canonical hjnofollowdfgh search"  rel="me next alternate canonical hjnofollowdfgh search"  rel="me next alternate canonical hjnofollowdfgh search"  rel="me next alternate canonical hjnofollowdfgh search">192.168.0.1 ip page</a>, set the checkboxes on the manual entry of the parameters and prescribe the following data: The IP address is 192.168. 1, 3, or 192.168. 0 .3 Mask is 255.255.255.0. Record the gateway "192.168.1.1" or 192.168.0.1 (IP address of the router) "OK" button.

Login to the new router 192.168.1.1 admin If the router is new, there is nothing easier than finding the login and password. We take the device and turn it over again and see this sticker. It specifies a small font, input data, default input and password, in addition to the IP address we are looking for. In most cases this is admin - admin.

<a href="https://github.com/web-apply/192.168.l.l">192.168.l.l</a> or 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.l.1 or 192.168.o.1.1


[Foo](url){data-x=1}
